docs/getting-started/introduction.md, before:

<p class="section-text">Getting Started</p>

# Introduction

Strata UI an Online Course Content Templating System

## What is Strata UI

Strata UI is an HTML-based templating system to create web pages for online courses. By using Strata UI's custom tags, themes, and widgets, anyone can create beautiful, responsive, and interactive online courses.

## For Educators & Instructional Designers

Strata UI was built by Pima Online at Pima Community College and helps provide all educators with tools to easily create web-based online course material with a simple and straight-forward implementation.

Following a true and tried method of code organization and templatization, we wanted to create a tool that was free and accessible to instructional designers and educators everywhere.

## How It Works

After a quick installation of Strata UI, you can add a series of custom HTML tags and traditional HTML tags and are linked to specific CSS and JS.

After deciding on how you want your content organized, just add the course content right into the HTML page. You'll also be able to make theme configuration changes to create a stylized online course.

### Quick Setup

View the [quick start template](getting-started/quick-start) to copy and paste a working template that shows what Strata can do.

### Manual Setup

1. [Install Strata UI](getting-started/installation) by adding the necessary links at the top of your HTML file.
2. [Choose a layout](/layouts/layout-overview.md) depending on the content on the page for your course.
3. [Choose a theme](/themes/preinstalled-themes.md) from pre-installed themes, or just use the default theme.
4. [Add custom HTML tags](getting-started/custom-html-elements) for each widget and content.

## Contributions

Strata UI was created by Pima Online at Pima Community College. If you would like to contribute to this project, please visit our [GitHub](https://github.com/franreyn/pimaonline-strataui).

For feature requests, please submit a [ticket](#).

  <div class="footer">
    <p>&copy; 2024 Strata UI</p>
  </div>

Commit message:

Edit docs to use classes and edited instructions for user docs

docs/getting-started/introduction.md, after:

<p class="section-text">Getting Started</p>

# Introduction

Strata UI is an online course content templating system.

## What is Strata UI

Strata UI utilizes a class-based system to create web pages for online courses. By using Strata UI's custom classes, themes, and widgets, anyone can create beautiful, responsive, and interactive online courses.

## For Educators & Instructional Designers

Strata UI was built by The Center for Learning Technology at Pima Community College and helps provide all educators with tools to easily create web-based online course material with a simple and straight forward implementation.

Following a true and tried method of code organization and templatization, we wanted to create a tool that was free and accessible to instructional designers and educators everywhere.

## How It Works

After a quick installation of Strata UI, you're ready to add your HTML. 

Once you've decided how to organize your content, simply add it directly to the HTML page and add the Strata UI custom classes. You can also configure the theme to create a stylish online course.

### Quick Setup

View the [quick start template](getting-started/quick-start) to copy and paste a working template that shows what Strata UI can do.

### Manual Setup

1. [Install Strata UI](getting-started/installation) by adding the necessary links at the top of your HTML file.
2. [Choose a layout](/layouts/layout-overview.md) depending on the content on the page for your course.
3. [Choose a theme](/themes/pre-installed-themes.md) from pre-installed themes, or use the default theme.
4. [Add Strata UI classes](getting-started/custom-strata-classes) for each widget and content.

<div class="footer">
	<p>&copy; 2024 Strata UI</p>
</div>
