docs/dev/layouts/layout-overview.md, before:

<p class="section-text">Layouts</p>

# Layout Overview

All structural components in Strata UI follow a simple grid pattern.

## Header

At the top of each page is a header. This allows the course designer to add a relatable image and a title for the page. The header helps the student understands what content will be taught on that page.

[View Header Article](/layouts/header.md)

## Layouts

The rest of the page is organized by columns. All content after the header will fall into either a one column layout, or a two column layout.

[View One Column Layout Example](/layouts/one-column.md)

[View Two Column Layout Example](/layouts/two-column.md)

### Responsive Design

When you use a one column layout the content blocks and different widgets will resize according to the device width.

If you are using a two-column layout, the columns will collapse at a specific device width and the content will be adjusted accordingly.

## Content Blocks

Within each column are a series of content blocks. The content blocks help add another layer of separation between ideas, content, or learning activities.

[View Content Block Article](/layouts/content-blocks.md)

## Content & Widgets

Within each content block is where you add text, images, or widgets to create the course content.

  <div class="footer">
    <p>&copy; 2024 Strata UI</p>
  </div>

Commit message:

Edited dev docs with updated css and js

docs/dev/layouts/layout-overview.md, after:

<p class="section-text">Layouts</p>

# Layout Overview

All structural components in Strata UI follow a simple grid pattern.

## Header

At the top of each page, there is a header where the course designer can add a relevant image and title. This header provides students with a clear indication of the content that will be covered on the page.

[View Header Article](/layouts/header.md)

## Layouts

Below the header, the page content is organized into columns. After the header, the content will be arranged in either a one-column layout or a two-column layout.

[View One-Column Layout Example](/layouts/one-column.md)

[View Two-Column Layout Example](/layouts/two-column.md)

### Responsive Design

With a one-column layout, your content blocks and widgets dynamically adapt to the screen size, ensuring a seamless experience across all devices.

With a two-column layout, the columns will collapse at a specific device width and the content will be adjusted accordingly.

## Content Blocks

Within each column are a series of content blocks. The content blocks help add another layer of separation between ideas, content, or learning activities.

[View Content Block Article](/layouts/content-blocks.md)

## Content & Widgets

Within each content block is where you add text, images, or widgets to create the course content.

  <div class="footer">
    <p>&copy; 2024 Strata UI</p>
  </div>
